big update on future courses (#285)
AaltoSciComp/scicomp-docs: training/scip/matlab-advanced.rst

==========================
May 2021 / Matlab Advanced
==========================

Part of `Scientific Computing in Practice <https://scicomp.aalto.fi/training/scip/index.html>`__ lecture series at Aalto University.

**Audience:** Everyone with basic knowledge of Matlab

**About the course:**

> MATLAB is a high-level technical computing lan§guage and interactive environment for algorithm development, data visualization, data analysis and numerical computation in general.  — The Mathworks Inc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MATLAB is a high-level technical computing language and interactive environment for algorithm development, data visualization, data analysis and numerical computation in general.  — The Mathworks Inc.
```
